docs: reword references to change detection status (#41551)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

Similarly, the user can interact with the UI, causing events that change the state of the data model.
These events can trigger change detection.

> There are 2 internal state  available for change detection; "CheckAlways" (the default) and "CheckOnce".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 internal states available for change detection; "CheckAlways" (the default) and "CheckOnce".
```

> When using the CheckAlways change-detection strategy, the change detector goes through the [view hierarchy](#view-tree) on each VM turn to check every [data-bound property](#data-binding) in the template. In the first phase, it compares the current state of the dependent data with the previous state, and collects changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the CheckAlways change-detection strategy, the change detector goes through the [view hierarchy](#view-tree) on each pass to check every [data-bound property](#data-binding) in the template. In the first phase, it compares the current state of the dependent data with the previous state, and collects changes.
```
